arif/README.md, before:

![JavaSctipt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maip-implement/JavaScript/arif/arif/js.png)
# JavaScript
- Learning Purpose.
- Here I used `Quokka` extension to show the result of console.
- I will not use ~~`var`~~ here.
- JavaScript is Case Sensitive. Meaning, `const` and `CONST` or `Const` is not same.
- [Repository Link](https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript) : `https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript`
>My github profile: [Md Arif Hossain](https://github.com/arifpro "Md Arif Hossain")

<br /><br /><br />

# Programming Basics

## What is Programming?
Programming is a set of instruction which our computer can read, understand and produce and output.

### Data types
- ***Primitive:*** `Primitive Types are Defined by JavaScript.` 
  * Number
  * String
  * Boolean
  * undefined
  * null
- __*Object:*__ `Object Types are User Defined Data Type.` 
  * Array
  * Object
  * Function

### Falsy Values
  1. ''
  1. 0
  1. null
  1. undefined
  1. NaN

### Truthy Values
  1. 'abc'
  2. 123
  3. Infinity
  4. **.....**

### Comments
- `// This is a single line comment.`
- `/* This is a multiline comment. */`
> We use comment for note something and so on...

<br /><br />

# Logic and Conditions
- `if`, `else if`, `else`
- `switch`
- `&&`, `||`, `!`

<br /><br />

# Loops and Repetition

<br /><br />

# Handling Strings

<br /><br />

# Arrays

<br /><br />

# Scope and Closure

<br /><br />

# Functional Programming

<br /><br />

# Functions

<br /><br />

# Objects

<br /><br />

# OOP Intro

<br /><br />

# OOP with JS

<br /><br />

# Prototype

<br /><br />

# Prototypical Inheritance

<br /><br />

# ES6

<br /><br />

# Project

<br /><br />

# DOM

<br /><br />

# Asynchronous Programming

<br /><br />

# Error Handling

<br /><br />

# Javascript Libraries

<br /><br />

# Future Road Map

---
___

<br />

***Git Clone***
```bash
1. git clone https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript.git
2. git fetch
3. git checkout arif
```

***ES6 function***
```javascript
const sum = (x, y) => x + y
```

***Bio***
| Title    | Link                                |
| -------- | ----------------------------------- | 
| Website  | https://proarif.com                 |
| Github   | https://github.com/arifpro          |
| Facebook | https://www.facebook.com/proarif0   |
| LinkedIn | https://www.linkedin.com/in/proarif |
| Medium   | https://medium.com/@proarif         |
| Twitter  | https://twitter.com/proarifBD       |
| Email    | arif.swfu@outlook.com               |

Commit message:

for, while, do while loop

arif/README.md, after:

![JavaSctipt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maip-implement/JavaScript/arif/arif/js.png)
# JavaScript
- Learning Purpose.
- Here I used `Quokka` extension to show the result of console.
- I will not use ~~`var`~~ here.
- JavaScript is Case Sensitive. Meaning, `const` and `CONST` or `Const` is not same.
- [Repository Link](https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript) : `https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript`
>My github profile: [Md Arif Hossain](https://github.com/arifpro "Md Arif Hossain")

<br /><br /><br />

# Programming Basics

## What is Programming?
Programming is a set of instruction which our computer can read, understand and produce and output.

### Data types
- ***Primitive:*** `Primitive Types are Defined by JavaScript.` 
  * Number
  * String
  * Boolean
  * undefined
  * null
- __*Object:*__ `Object Types are User Defined Data Type.` 
  * Array
  * Object
  * Function

### Falsy Values
  1. ''
  1. 0
  1. null
  1. undefined
  1. NaN

### Truthy Values
  1. 'abc'
  2. 123
  3. Infinity
  4. **.....**

### Comments
- `// This is a single line comment.`
- `/* This is a multiline comment. */`
> We use comment for note something and so on...

<br /><br />

# Logic and Conditions
- `if`, `else if`, `else`
- `switch`
- `&&`, `||`, `!`

<br /><br />

# Loops and Repetition
There are mainly `three types` of loops.
- `For Loop`
- `While Loop`
- `Do While Loop`

<br /><br />

# Handling Strings

<br /><br />

# Arrays

<br /><br />

# Scope and Closure

<br /><br />

# Functional Programming

<br /><br />

# Functions

<br /><br />

# Objects

<br /><br />

# OOP Intro

<br /><br />

# OOP with JS

<br /><br />

# Prototype

<br /><br />

# Prototypical Inheritance

<br /><br />

# ES6

<br /><br />

# Project

<br /><br />

# DOM

<br /><br />

# Asynchronous Programming

<br /><br />

# Error Handling

<br /><br />

# Javascript Libraries

<br /><br />

# Future Road Map

---
___

<br />

***Git Clone***
```bash
1. git clone https://github.com/maip-implement/JavaScript.git
2. git fetch
3. git checkout arif
```

***ES6 function***
```javascript
const sum = (x, y) => x + y
```

***Bio***
| Title    | Link                                |
| -------- | ----------------------------------- | 
| Website  | https://proarif.com                 |
| Github   | https://github.com/arifpro          |
| Facebook | https://www.facebook.com/proarif0   |
| LinkedIn | https://www.linkedin.com/in/proarif |
| Medium   | https://medium.com/@proarif         |
| Twitter  | https://twitter.com/proarifBD       |
| Email    | arif.swfu@outlook.com               |
